Good Morning. Peoples this is Lauren Paulson. I write alot of goo things. Let's hope I can create an AI system. Good Morning. Peoples this is Lauren Paulson. I write alot of goo things. Let's hope I can create an AI system. Good Morning. Peoples this is Lauren Paulson. I write alot of good things. Let's hope I can create an AI system.“What would happen if you got scared half to death twice?” my friend asked during our free period. At first glance, the idea of halves can seem quite simplistic: fractions are something taught in grade school. However, when applying Zeno’s paradoxes, the idea of halves can become incredibly confusing. The musical “Amelie” first exposed me to this set of philosophical and mathematical problems. These pardoxes are deployed as a plot device in this musical, representing Amelie growing from distancing herself from people to learning how reach out to people. After listening to the soundtrack, I became curious and looked up this concept so that I could understand this paradox better. The basic idea is that to find an endpoint one must reach a halfway point. From there, one strives for another halfway point and so on. The pattern is infinite. Therefore, it does not matter how many times this process is repeated; an endpoint will never be reached.This is an interesting idea but difficult to apply in real life. I tried with a cross country race. The good news: I felt like I could complete the 5K in pieces. I would complete 2.5K and think, “Oh good, I am halfway.” Then, I would have the same thought later when I finished three-quarters of the race. However, it was very discouraging to think that no matter how much I ran there would always be another halfway point to reach. Frankly, it’s all quite troubling: I’ll only get closer to my goal but never achieve it. After months of extreme existentialism, I concluded that I needed to solve Zeno’s paradoxes. If I could figure out these philosophical problems, they would no longer bother me. I could start achieving and stop having fractions chasing me in my nightmares.Unfortunately, this idea did not go as planned: I did not solve an ancient Greek paradox as a fifteen-year-old kid. But I came to three of my own solutions.  1) Instead of becoming discouraged when we are trying to reach a large goal, we need to learn to take time to celebrate the smaller milestones that are helping us to achieve the larger one. Yes, it’s human nature to keep striving after massive outcomes. But if we can not look at the smaller things we have accomplished along the way, we’ll get overwhelmed and never even get close to finishing. This is what happened to me when I first started to compete in cross country. I would get stressed out thinking about the entire race instead of tackling it in pieces.2) Occasionally, we must meet in the middle. This conclusion becomes particularly interesting when multiple people must reach an agreement. Compromise requires learning to work with others. This past year, I was part of the team that redesigned our school uniforms. The students and faculty that came in with their minds already made up had a difficult time listening and understanding others’ viewpoints. It was not until we started to function as a team that we put together a uniform that pleased everyone.3) Sometimes, we just need to throw ancient Greek paradoxes out the window. Despite theoretically always needing to reach another halfway point while running a 5K, I still somehow always cross the finish line.Zeno’s paradoxes will, unfortunately, continue to remain unsolved. Still, we can all come to our own personal solutions and determine how we let them affect us. I now try to celebrate my smaller achievements as I work towards a large goal and I listen and compromise as I collaborate with others. Moreover, I run my 5Ks with my head held high until I reach the finish line.But back to the question, “What happens if you get scared half to death twice?” This remark was meant as a joke. Yet, I took her comment as an opportunity to explain Zeno’s paradoxes and explain that no matter how many times you get scared half to death you will never be truly dead. My answer: You’ll only be 75-percent dead.I have always loved creating things. On my fourth birthday, I received a 36-piece foam puzzle mat. Leaving the mat on the floor quickly bored me. Instead, I made storage bins, homes for my stuffed animals, and towers that were taller than me. As I got older, I continued to pursue my passion. I constructed cars powered by mouse traps, built then programmed LEGO robots, printed keychains using 3D printer, and learned various programming languages such as Python, Java, JavaScript, and C++. In fact, I became addicted to designing and creating. My sixth-grade teacher recognized this and gave me an article about careers in engineering. I knew I had found the perfect career. In addition to building, I have a desire to figure out how things work. Why would my robot move according to the series of actions I asked it to do? I find answers to these questions in programming, math, physics, and design. However, they tend to spark even more questions and innovations.This past summer, I created and programmed a website to track caffeine consumption while attending an engineering program at Tufts University. Despite the fact that I have never even had a cup of coffee, I saw how badly caffeine addictions were hurting those around me. I wanted to come up with a solution that offered consumers awareness of how caffeine was truly affecting them. My caffeine-tracking website allowed me to develop and use many engineering skills: I created formulas which calculated the amount of caffeine in someone's bloodstream, coded the website so that it had an expansive database of caffeinated items for people to choose from then programmed the formulas and made sure they were running and updating. Finally, I had to work on the design and structure of the website. It had to convey the ideas in a way that was easy to understand. Lastly, I had to make the website visually appealing and market it to the public.Furthermore, I was selected as one of twenty high school students to attend a TASIS Leadership Academy training program. Over fourteen days, we traveled to four Balkan countries learning about rebuilding efforts following turmoil and war.  Many of the solutions involved entrepreneurial engineers. For example, we saw a tunnel in Sarajevo, Bosnia, built to bring in food and supplies during a siege. The siege blocked the city off from outside contact for almost four years. The tunnel was built using only basic tools, yet it served as a lifeline and resulted in the saving of many lives. Remarkably, these tunnels are still standing more than two decades later. This experience helped me recognize the impact that innovation and engineering has on the world: Engineering is not only creating things, but it can truly change people’s lives or even save them. Meanwhile, my extra-curricular activities have helped me craft the leadership skills I will need as a future engineer. For example, I am the captain of my school’s cross-country team and a school prefect. Both positions offer opportunities to practice communication, listening, and team building skills.In addition, I really enjoy drawing. Drawing and posting my artwork online has allowed me to go through the process of design and creation in another way while also teaching me marketing skills. I film myself drawing, so others can learn artistic techniques as they watch the videos. In fact, I currently have about three thousand followers. It has been seven years since my teacher gave me the article on engineering and my desire to enter the field has only increased since then. I look forward to studying engineering and taking this step of living out my dream of becoming an engineer and using these skills to create new inventions that can better the world.Hi my name is Lauren and I want to first admit I don’t posses some of the qualities that these other canidets have. I don’t have experience in student council. But one thing I do have is candy, I’ll throw that out at the end. But in all seiousness I do posses a quality that I think makes me a option for president. I have the desire to help this school. I’ve been at this school for four years and it has truley shaped who I am. I care about it I want to put in the work it will take to be your president. I could be an increadible speaker, the best leader in the world but if I didn’t have the desire to help Tasis I wouldn’t do anything to help it. Thankfully thats not me and I do have this desire so when you think about who you are voting for don’t think about who could do the most think about who will do the most Thank you and heres the candy I told you about. Hi my name is Lauren Paulson and I wan’t to talk to you about why I should be your president. It may be suprising to some of you that I’m running for president. But I don’t think this is suprising for some people. For example my cross country team, no not because they thought I was confused when i heard people were running for president but because they have seen me as a leader as my role as team captin. I adressed each individual and saw what I could do for each perosn as well as our entire team. But the whole school hasn’t seen this because as my drama teacher, Mrs. Holdway in 8th grade put it I’m a backstage leader. Now what does that even mean. It means I’m not the best at adress large groups, ironic I know, I’m not someone who shows what they have done. But a backstage leader listens to what people have to say and think about what would be best for the entire group creating a solution without expexting anything in return. In simpler words a tipcal leader talks to you while a backstage leader listens to you. And isn’ t that what we need. We need students to be listened to by teachers by admistration by fellow peers and by your student council. So if you want to be listened to vote Lauren.
